Update reference links (#573)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: external-instructions.md

#### `SingleR` references

The Data Lab has compiled `SingleR` references from the [`celldex` package](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/celldex.html), as [described in this TSV file](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/celltype/singler_models/singler_models.tsv).
In this file, the column `filename` provides the reference file name, and the column `reference_name` provides the name of the reference.

Please consult the [`celldex` documentation](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/vignettes/celldex/inst/doc/userguide.html) to determine which of these references, if any, is most suitable for your dataset.

#### `CellAssign` references

The Data Lab has compiled `CellAssign` marker gene references from [PanglaoDB](https://panglaodb.se/), as [described in this TSV file](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/celltype/cellassign_references/cellassign_references.tsv).
In this file, the column `filename` provides the reference file name, and the column `reference_name` provides the name of the reference.

> The Data Lab compiled each reference by combining cell types from given a set of organ-specific marker genes in `PanglaoDB`.

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to me the other way around? Maybe need external input on this one too.
```suggestion
The Data Lab compiled each reference by combining marker gene lists from organ-specific sets of cell types described in `PanglaoDB`.
```

Reviewer: I think adding a "for example" might be useful here. "For example, the reference`bone-compartment` includes cell types found in the panglaodb bone, blood and immune sets" or something like that

Reviewer 2: I like this suggestion.

The specific organs used to compile each reference are listed in [`celltype-reference-metadata.tsv`](references/celltype-reference-metadata.tsv).

> References additionally include an `"other"` cell type label with no marker gene associations; cell types that `CellAssign` cannot confidently annotate based on the available marker genes are therefore annotated as `"other"`.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to say this here. It gets a bit deep in the weeds.

Reviewer 2: I agree, I think I would remove this sentence.

#### `SingleR` references

> By default, `SingleR` annotation uses references from the [`celldex` package](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/celldex.html).

Reviewer: I think I would start the rewrite here with something like "The SingleR references that the Data Lab has compiled are described in this TSV file". I don't think we _need_ to say the file name pattern, but it doesn't hurt. The bits about celldex are still good, but I would not say "by default", just that it is what we used.

Author: >  The bits about celldex are still good

Just to clarify, do you mean the bits that are currently present, or the bits I deleted are "still good"? Assuming you mean parts that are present?

Reviewer: I mean the parts that you left. I would just make it more of "here is what we are using" rather than implying it is anything required or set by the workflow itself.

> `SingleR` reference filenames prepared by the Data Lab are formatted as `<singler_ref_name>_celldex_<celldex_version>_model.rds`.

Reviewer: We could maybe be more general, now that the file provides the action file names..
```suggestion
`SingleR` reference filenames prepared by the Data Lab are formatted as `<singler_ref_name>_<source>_<source_version>_model.rds`.
```

[Download this TSV file](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/celltype/singler_models/singler_models.tsv) to see the most up-to-date references; the column `filename` provides the reference file name, and the column `reference_name` provides the name of the reference.
Please consult the [`celldex` documentation](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/vignettes/celldex/inst/doc/userguide.html) to determine which of these references, if any, is most suitable for your dataset.

#### `CellAssign` references

> By default, `CellAssign` annotation uses marker gene set references from [PanglaoDB](https://panglaodb.se/), as compiled by the Data Lab to represent common organ/tissue groupings.

Reviewer: Again here, I would not say "by default" and just say that the ones we use are based on panglaodb.

`CellAssign` reference filenames are formatted as `<cellassign_ref_name>_PanglaoDB_<PanglaoDB_version_date>.tsv`.
[Download this TSV file](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/celltype/cellassign_references/cellassign_references.tsv) to see the most up-to-date references; the column `filename` provides the reference file name, and the column `reference_name` provides the name of the reference.

> The specific organs used to compile marker gene references are listed in [`celltype-reference-metadata.tsv`](references/celltype-reference-metadata.tsv).

Reviewer: I think I would give a bit more detail here, to describe that we constructed sets of cell types by combining cell types across organs listed in panglaodb.

The Data Lab has compiled `CellAssign` marker gene references from [PanglaoDB](https://panglaodb.se/), as [described in this TSV file](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/celltype/cellassign_references/cellassign_references.tsv).
In this file, the column `filename` provides the reference file name, and the column `reference_name` provides the name of the reference.

The Data Lab compiled each reference by combining marker gene lists from organ-specific sets of cell types described in `PanglaoDB`.
The specific organs used to compile each reference are listed in [`celltype-reference-metadata.tsv`](references/celltype-reference-metadata.tsv).

> For example, the reference `bone-compartment` includes cell types found in the `PanglaoDB` bone, blood, and immune system datasets.

Reviewer: Getting the name of the reference correct, and trying different phrasing ("dataset" seemed less than clear).
```suggestion
For example, the reference `blood-compartment` includes cell types categorized in `PanglaoDB` with the organ names `Blood`, `Bone`, and `Immune system`.
```

Author: Definitely clearer 👍

We have provided an example cell type project metadata file for reference.

> | [View example `celltype_project_metafile.tsv` file](examples/example_celltype_project_metadata.tsv) |

Reviewer: perhaps the issue was the missing `.tsv` in the previous link?
```suggestion
| [View example `project_celltype_metafile.tsv` file](examples/example_project_celltype_metadata.tsv) |
```
